---
title: Security Engineer Intro
author: CYB3RM3
name: CYB3RM3 | Security Engineer Intro
date: 2023-09-16 08:38:15 +0100
categories: [TryHackMe, Introduction to Security Engineering]
tags: [Security Engineer]
---

What does a day in the life of a security engineer look like?

THM Room [https://tryhackme.com/room/securityengineerintro](https://tryhackme.com/room/securityengineerintro)



## TASK 1 Introduction
### I have reviewed the learning objectives. 
No Answer.

## TASK 2 What is a Security Engineer?
###  Who ensures that an organization's cyber security risk is minimized at all times? 

Answer : Security Engineer

## TASK 3 Core Responsibilities of a Security Engineer
###  Where are details about an organization's digital assets, such as name, IP address, and owner, stored? 
Answer : Asset Inventory

### Sometimes security policies can't be followed because of business needs. What avenue does a security engineer have to fulfil business needs in these cases?
Answer : exceptions

### What philosophy, if followed, provides the most Return on Investment (ROI)?
Answer : Secure by Design

## TASK 4 Continuous Improvement
### What is considered the weakest link in an organization's security?
Answer : Humans

### An organization's security evolves with the organization. What helps a security engineer keep the organization secure through these changes?
Answer : Change Management

## TASK 5 Additional Roles and Responsibilities
### What is a theoretical exercise carried out to gauge the operational readiness of an organization from a security point of view?
Answer : Tabletop Exercises

### What is the priority of the management in case of a disaster or crisis?
Answer : business continuity

## TASK 6 Walking in Their Shoes
### What is the flag shown on the completion of the static site? 

Answer : THM{S3CUR1TY_3NG1N33R5_R0CK}

## TASK 7 Conclusion
### Head over to our social channels for further discussion.
No Answer.

